THE POWER OF CHOICE
Right here we have two powerful words with great meaning.
Choice is the opportunity presented to us for the selection of someone or something preferred among others and Power is the measure of strength, capability or influences a person or a thing has on another.
This brings us to the subject, “The Power of Choice”. You  are at liberty to choose your  life partners, your choices mostly depends on certain attributes or qualities an individual possesses that conforms with the qualities you seek for in a partner. Your choices also play a great role in shaping and defining your already existing relationships. The little things you do today, cuts a groove in your relationships that will likely last a life time. Oftentimes I hear people say “I had no choice”. This statement is an impossibility of life. Life always presents you with various options, and the choice is yours to make. The nature or type of relationship you find yourself is an outcome of your choice. The consequences of your choices do not only influence you, but also people around you and the environment you find yourself. Therefore, whatever kind of relationship you choose for yourself, should have to pass through the fire of thought of the after repercussion on you, your environment and the individuals around you. Your choices can either mar or make you. Choosing the right partner isn’t enough for a happily ever after, what you do with and about your relationships also go a long way in determining the success of our relationships.  Have your choices in time past influenced you, your partner or your loved ones negatively? Are the things going wrong in your life and relationship today a consequence of your past wrong choices?  If yes, you have the opportunity to make your ways right today, by reconsidering and making the right choices again.
 It is true, the right choices aren’t always easy to make. They sometimes don’t look promising. You need guides to aid you make the right choices. Here are some laid down guides to help you when you find yourself in the crossroad of life, not knowing what to do or where to go;
THE WORD OF GOD: The word of God should be your basic guide when you find it hard to take the right decisions. Your choices should never deviate from the will of God. Let your desires conform to the Will of God. There are times when you break down and feel like God has forsaken you, you feel like your whole world has crumbled, and you see no flicker of hope in your relationship again. You may feel frustrated because the right partner isn’t forthcoming so far. Truth is, God never forsakes his own, and he is still and will always be there for you. You only didn’t put him first in the choices you made. You chose to go your own way thereby deviating from the path of light. What you are experiencing is the repercussion of your wrong choices. If you put his will first into consideration, he will always be there to guide you. Let the word of God be the light to guide you in all you do, all you need is in the word of God. There are laid down principles for you to follow and doing otherwise can never yield a good result.
LOVE: This is another basic principle that should guide your choices. Let all things be done with love. Never let hatred guide your path. Love is a profound affection and care shown towards another person or something. Choices made as a result of love yields good fruits. Sometimes you find it hard to love again because of bitter past experiences you might have had with the wrong people. But I admonish you today to always love like you have never been hurt, because every moment spent hating, is a moment of love you will never get back. Let love light your path.
YOUR CONSCIENCE: This is the inward consciousness of right and wrong of a person. This goes a long way in affecting your choices. Every step you take in your relationship must be in concordance with your conscience. Let your conscience guide you. Make the right choices today and be at peace with your conscience.
There are some vices you should never allow to influence your choices;
ANGER: This is a strong feeling of antagonism towards someone or something. Never let anger   cloud your sense of judgment.  Choices made in anger always lead to regret and unhappiness. Forgiveness is the first step to healing. A heart clouded by anger gives no room for peace, and a peaceful and happy relationship is preceded by a peaceful heart. Forgive, let go of the anger, free yourself of the pain and let love take its place in your heart today.
LUST: This is a strong sexual or selfish desire towards someone or something. Never allow lust be the basis of your choices in a relationship. Lust is a blind leader that leads every decision to damnation.
LONELINESS:  This is a feeling of unhappiness or depression resulting from a state of being without a companion. At this state, you tend to be very fragile and gullible. You are quick to give in to any available offer. This could be as a result of previous wrong relationships you might have experienced.  Loneliness can drive even the most cautious into making the wrong choices as to whom to spend the rest of their lives with. Never let loneliness drive you into the wrong arms. Take your time to study the one you want to spend the rest of your life with.
Make the right choice today and give yourself the lifetime happiness you deserve.
